=head1 GetterDone

An open source ToDo application created by Matt Ward.

=head1 Purpose

The purpose of this app is to serve as a demo for my OpenSource PHP MVC framework.
The source code is to be extensively documented to allow for adaptation of the underlying framework.
This example application will illustrate the basic functionality of the framework and should serve as a usage guide.

=head1 Road Map

=over 4

=item * Basic pages (homepage and about)

=item * Register and login pages (using HTTPS)

=item * A simple AJAX enabled task manager

=item * Adding a mobile site

=back

=head1 Feedback / Feature Requests

If you would like to give feedback or request a feature be implemented, you may email
L<getterdone@mwdesigns.com> or you are welcome to implement the feature yourself. I would love
to be notified if you think you added something useful, but of course you are not obligated to do so.

=head1 License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Ward

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
